we'll York came to China from England to
master kungfu and today he's invited
some of Beijing's best instructors to
spend a day in practice
one of Beijing's most renowned masters
is Shang Shang lead today he is teaching
the broadsword to some very willing
students including a young uninvited
guest that wants to start early practice
like a scene from a kung fu movie master
Shengli demonstrates the crescent moon
weapon from the bagua style the
movements are based on a circular
pattern with fast opposing changes in
direction and speed these rapid attacks
in straight lines are in contrast to the
slow circular movements where you're
used to seeing in the West as the news
spread across Beijing the martial arts
instructors arrived at the part to join
their friends and students
master on of the Beijing wushu
Association teaches many styles of Tai
Chi and Kung Fu his explosive power
comes from many years of practice in
breathing technique not all Tai Chi's
practiced slowly Chen style Tai Chi is
punctuated with very quick energetic
motions and the stamping of the feet
into the ground it is an early form of
Tai Chi that uses the very extreme
opposites of yin and yang of slow and
fast soft and hard Chen style is favored
by many fighters who are drawn to its
sudden explosive movements
[Music]
the Taichi we recognized in the West is
performed here by master Xu the slow
relaxed movements help reduce stress
making Taichi popular in the West in
China
Taichi has been long known for its
health benefits where the emphasis is on
prevention of illness rather than a cure
you